Editorial and Alignment with Part 1 et.al. (#46)
admin-shell-io/aas-specs-iec61360: documentation/IDTA-01003-a/modules/ROOT/pages/annex/uml-templates.adoc

a|<Explanatory text> |<Type> |<Card>
|===

> _ID_ is the metamodel ID of the class or attribute, conformant to the grammar defined in link:  xref:mappings/mappings.adoc#reference-serialization[Text Serialization of Values of Type "Reference"].

Author: ```suggestion
_ID_ is the metamodel ID of the class or attribute, conformant to the grammar defined in link:https://admin-shell-io.github.io/aas-specs-antora/IDTA-01001/v3.1/mappings/mappings.html#reference-serialization[Text Serialization of Values of Type "Reference"].
```

> _ID_ is the metamodel ID of the class or attribute, conformant to the grammar defined in link:  xref:mappings/mappings.adoc#reference-serialization[Text Serialization of Values of Type "Reference"].

Author: I think link: is bettwer if the link is not in the same document

> _ID_ is the metamodel ID of the class or attribute, conformant to the grammar defined in link:  xref:mappings/mappings.adoc#reference-serialization[Text Serialization of Values of Type "Reference"].

Author: ```suggestion
_ID_ is the metamodel ID of the class or attribute, conformant to the grammar defined in link:https://admin-shell-io.github.io/aas-specs-antora/IDTA-01001/v3.1/mappings/mappings.html#reference-serialization[Text Serialization of Values of Type "Reference"].
```

** _<Primitive>:_  Type is no object type (class) but a data type; it is just a value, see  xref:specification.adoc#primitive-and-simple-data-types-normative[Primitive and Simple Data Types]
** _<Enumeration>:_ Type is an enumeration, see <<template-for-enumerations>>

_Card._ is the cardinality (or multiplicity) defining the lower and upper bound of the number of instances of the member element. 
"\*" denotes an arbitrary infinite number of elements of the corresponding Type. 
"0..1" means optional. "0..*" or "0..3" etc. means that the list may be either not available (optional) or the list is not empty. 
In the case of "0..3" there are at most 3 elements in the list.
"1" means the attribute is mandatory. 

> "1..*" or "1..3" means there is at least 1 element in the list. The "*" denotes as maximum an infinite number of elements of the corresponding type whereas "3" means that there are at most 3 elements in the list - analogeous for other numbers.

Author: ```suggestion
"1..*" or "1..3" means there is at least 1 element in the list. The "*" denotes as maximum an infinite number of elements of the corresponding type whereas "3" means that there are at most 3 elements in the list - analogous for other numbers.
```
